[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
now it's exercise time.
So if we just go back where we were,
sort of like our table of contents.
You can just go to the functions exercise
and get started and it's the same.
It's all in the scripts.js file or
in your JS Bin.
And you're gonna go through and
put some functionality in there.
So and we'll have about, 30,
let's see what time is it, 2?
Yeah, we'll have about 40 minutes for
these is a little bit longer.
So, let's go with 40 minutes.
>> Speaker 2: There's a question
in the chat room here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
Pete asked, how does AnimalMaker
know when it is passed an array?
It is pass and array and
has to iterate through it versus
just grabbing the first value.
So we're actually explicitly,
where are my slides?
We're actually explicitly
looping through it.
So AnimalMaker, the function
itself knows nothing of the array.
What we're actually doing
is we're just looping.
And here actually, this slide up
here makes it a little more clear.
So this four loop is actually what's doing
the looping part, and inside of the four
loop, we're actually passing
the animal name, we can see it here.
This is where we're calling AnimalMaker,
and we're not calling AnimalMaker
with the entire array.
We're actually calling it
with one value in the array.
So, animalNames[i], so the first one,
the zero in index would be sheep.
So it's saying, AnimalMakers, and
then you could replace that right
here with sheep, for example.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's how it knows.
Does that answer your questions?
Cool.